AI #1803: Contract Commitment dataset extension (#1924)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/contract_commitment/columns/pricingcurrencycontractcommitmentcost.md

# Pricing Currency Contract Commitment Cost

Pricing Currency Contract Commitment Cost represents the monetary value of the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment) denominated in the [*Pricing Currency*](#datasets.contractcommitment.pricingcurrency). This metric is used to track progress towards fulfilling contractual milestones using the original negotiated value, independent of currency exchange rate fluctuations.

## Requirements

* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#attributes.numericformat) requirements.
* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost nullability is defined as follows:
  * PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST NOT be null when [Category](#datasets.contractcommitment.category) is "Spend" and [PricingCurrency](#datasets.contractcommitment.pricingcurrency) is provided.

>   * PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MAY be null when Category is "Usage".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST NOT be null when [ContractCommitmentCategory](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentcategory) is "Spend" and [PricingCurrency](#datasets.contractcommitment.pricingcurrency) is provided.
  * PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MAY be null when ContractCommitmentCategory is "Usage".
```

Broken anchor. `[Category](#datasets.contractcommitment.category)` doesn't resolve. The column ID is `ContractCommitmentCategory` with anchor `#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentcategory`.

# Pricing Currency Contract Commitment Cost

Pricing Currency Contract Commitment Cost represents the monetary value of the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment) denominated in the [*Pricing Currency*](#datasets.contractcommitment.pricingcurrency). This metric is used to track progress towards fulfilling contractual milestones using the original negotiated value, independent of currency exchange rate fluctuations.

## Requirements

PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST adhere to the following requirements:

* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#attributes.numericformat) requirements.

> * PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost nullability is defined as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* PricingCurrencyContractCommitmentCost MUST adhere to the following nullability requirements:
```
